tests/dummy/app/templates/docs/default-options.md, before:

# Deafult options

App wide options can be set in the `emberSkeletonOptions` object, which must be a child of in the `ENV` object in `config/environment.js`.

{{docs-snippet name="app-wide-options.js" language="javascript" title="config/environment.js"}}

The defaults are as follows:

{{docs-snippet name="addon-default-options.js" language="javascript"}}

Any additional settings can be added to the `emberSkeletonOptions` object. These are made available in the `options` property of the `emberSkeleton` service.

{{docs-snippet name="options-in-service.js" language="javascript"}}

## Theme color string defaults

Allows you to define default settings for use by the `ember-skeleton/theme-color-string` helper. The helper will check if the value of the first argument is present in any of the `matchStrings` arrays, and will return the corresponsing `returnString`.

{{docs-snippet name="theme-color-string-app-defaults.js" language="javascript"}}

The above settings would allow the following three use cases. 

{{#docs-demo as |demo|}}
  {{#demo.example name="theme-color-string-default-badge.hbs"}}
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "passed"}}">passed</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-success">passed</b>-->
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "absent"}}">absent</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-warning">absent</b> -->
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "failed"}}">failed</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-danger">failed</b> -->
  {{/demo.example}}
  {{demo.snippet "theme-color-string-default-badge.hbs"}}
{{/docs-demo}}

## Theme icon defaults

Allows you to define default settings for use by the `ember-skeleton/theme-icon-string` helper. The helper will check if the value of the first argument is present in any of the `matchStrings` arrays, and will return the corresponsing `returnString`.

{{docs-snippet name="theme-icon-app-defaults.js" language="javascript"}}

{{#docs-demo as |demo|}}
  {{#demo.example name="theme-icon-defaults-usage.hbs" class="theme-icons-demo"}}
    {{component (ember-skeleton/theme-icon "passed")}}
    {{!-- OUTPUTS {{svg/icons/icon-tick}} --}}
    {{component (ember-skeleton/theme-icon "absent")}}
    {{!-- OUTPUTS  {{svg/icons/icon-alert}} --}}

  {{/demo.example}}
  {{demo.snippet "theme-icon-defaults-usage.hbs"}}
{{/docs-demo}}

Commit message:

Docs updates and small styling updates.

tests/dummy/app/templates/docs/default-options.md, after:

# Deafult options

App wide options can be set in the `emberSkeletonOptions` object, which must be a child of in the `ENV` object in `config/environment.js`.

{{docs-snippet name="app-wide-options.js" language="javascript" title="config/environment.js"}}

The defaults are as follows:

{{docs-snippet name="addon-default-options.js" language="javascript"}}

Any additional settings can be added to the `emberSkeletonOptions` object. These are made available in the `options` property of the `emberSkeleton` service.

{{docs-snippet name="options-in-service.js" language="javascript"}}

## Theme color string defaults

Allows you to define default settings for use by the {{#link-to "docs.helpers.theme-color-string"}}`ember-skeleton/theme-color-string` helper{{/link-to}}. The helper will check if the value of the first argument is present in any of the `matchStrings` arrays, and will return the corresponsing `returnString`.

{{docs-snippet name="theme-color-string-app-defaults.js" language="javascript"}}

The above settings would allow the following three use cases. 

{{#docs-demo as |demo|}}
  {{#demo.example name="theme-color-string-default-badge.hbs"}}
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "passed"}}">passed</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-success">passed</b>-->
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "absent"}}">absent</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-warning">absent</b> -->
    <b class="badge badge-{{ember-skeleton/theme-color-string "failed"}}">failed</b>
    <!-- OUTPUTS <b class="badge badge-danger">failed</b> -->
  {{/demo.example}}
  {{demo.snippet "theme-color-string-default-badge.hbs"}}
{{/docs-demo}}

## Theme icon defaults

Allows you to define default settings for use by the {{#link-to "docs.helpers.theme-icon"}}`ember-skeleton/theme-icon-string` helper{{/link-to}}. The helper will check if the value of the first argument is present in any of the `matchStrings` arrays, and will return the corresponsing `returnString`.

{{docs-snippet name="theme-icon-app-defaults.js" language="javascript"}}

{{#docs-demo as |demo|}}
  {{#demo.example name="theme-icon-defaults-usage.hbs" class="theme-icons-demo"}}
    {{component (ember-skeleton/theme-icon "passed")}}
    {{!-- OUTPUTS {{svg/icons/icon-tick}} --}}
    {{component (ember-skeleton/theme-icon "absent")}}
    {{!-- OUTPUTS  {{svg/icons/icon-alert}} --}}

  {{/demo.example}}
  {{demo.snippet "theme-icon-defaults-usage.hbs"}}
{{/docs-demo}}
